as he takes bronze malkit another world
record fall brendan hansen coming up
next in his favorite event the 200
breast
the men's 200 breaststroke is what
american brendan hansen calls his baby
says it's my favorite event he broke his
own world record in the summer nationals
and her behind a few weeks ago and he
once again connects head to head with
his archrival the second time in these
pants he runs up against Japan's kazuki
kidded Jima I think kitajima is the
competitor he's that he's always been a
competitor and there's a big target on
my chest right now especially walking on
the deck and I know that he may or
people may be saying that he's not on
his game right now but I know that he'll
put up something special and racing
against me okay he may not be at his
best but keep the t-mo will be very
strong he had a great swim in the heats
honey kind of broke out did not so well
the hunter but he was very good in the
200 and the heat to 10 plus just behind
the top qualifier brendan hansen
wyoming's Scott usher is the second
American swimming in this final saw the
note the kitajima gold medalist deep
Hansen and Athens he also won the old
three worlds over Hanson Hanson got back
in the world's last year Nikita Chima
did not qualify for the fun
Brendan's told me over and over again
that he was so upset about Athens and
what happened to their tech because the
fact that he did not swim his own race
and that's so critical here you know I
think that
in Brendan's head a little bit from
those Olympic Games and until he shakes
it off with a couple victories over
kitajima it'll still be there now
probably admit to that the biggest step
I think in montreux when he won those
two gold medals last summer and when he
broke the world record a couple weeks
ago in irvine was the fact that he just
swam his own race and it becomes clichés
but he's put those blinders on that's
the simplest way you can say it in the
100 here Hansen one kitajima third and
holding the lead here coming toward the
halfway mark
way at the top you'll also see Brendan
Ricard he's more of a hunter special she
finished second to Hansen in
Thunder but I think you'll end up
falling off I think it's a two-man race
between kitajima who is right there only
half a second not much behind Hanson g2g
became off the wall right there
now Hanson starting to open up again
you know we all also told us he likes to
be long strong in this one the two
hundred that's when he's the best he
felt like he was kind of plowing in the
200 and national then he still broke the
world record you can see him really
start to move out now though brendan
hand and Anson looks great right now
that third 50 he just went right by keep
a demon and now almost a full second and
a half over kita Jamie picked up almost
a second they're dead just off his own
world record pace but Hansen is pulling
a headed back Ricard looks like he's got
a chance to edge out to the gym in out
what a statement Brendan hands and is
making right now just blowing away
kosuke kitajima of Japan 208 74 the
world record roaring for Hanson as he
pours it on
meters and he
what a performance race after race and
what a final 50 there Hanson was three
tenths off pace when he turned in 150
final one Rory I mean you know he just
really made his movie the halfway point
but you're right soon as he turned that
last turn it was like he was just shot
out of a cannon
here's the stroke you can see Hanson to
the left kitajima to the right kitajima
just doesn't have it right now and then
the beautiful underwater you know
there's so much resistance in
breaststroke and Hanson does it was so
very little resistance and watch the
finished right here coming in and look a
perfect touch at the end for the world
record and brendan hansen celebrating
his world record with that scream
exactly what kitajima did to Hanson
after kitty Gina's victory in Athens
world record brendan hansen he's with
craig hummer well his name is certainly
synonymous with the breaststroke Brennan
when we spoke this afternoon you told me
that your swim this morning you felt
really was going to set you up for
tonight but you said it with a grin on
your face how much did you know you had
in the tank this evening I knew if I
surrounding the race right I'd have a
lot more in the tank and I came out here
with the different strategy that did at
us nationals as senior really work for
me it's just as showing how much you can
change between prelims and finals and
then in the kind of swim you can have in
finals you continue to set the bar and
the new standard almost every time you
hit the water what or who now is your
motivation well to be honest that was
the first time I ever broke a world
record on an international stage and I
really really wanted to do that because
now she just opens the doors for me and
the Olympics and whatnot so it just
right now is to go back to the drawing
board and see how low we can make these
records well we look forward to seeing
it with you congratulations
brendan hansen the fifth american to
smash a world record these pan-pacific
championships the sixth overall world
record we seen Kazuki kitajima taking
second good swim for Scott uh sure to
place third